                                                                        # Receipt-Processor-API

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- This is a simple Go-based API for processing receipts and calculating points based on specific rules. The API has two endpoints: one for processing receipts and another 
  for retrieving points awarded to a receipt.

# Endpoints
- Process Receipt
- Path: /receipts/process
- Method: POST
- Payload: Receipt JSON
- Response: JSON containing an ID for the receipt.
This endpoint takes in a JSON receipt and returns a JSON object with an ID generated by your code. The ID returned is the ID that should be passed into /receipts/{id}/points to get the number of points the receipt was awarded.

# Example Request:
POST /receipts/process
{
  "retailer": "Target",
  "purchaseDate": "2022-01-01",
  "purchaseTime": "13:01",
  "items": [
    {"shortDescription": "Mountain Dew 12PK", "price": "6.49"},
    {"shortDescription": "Emils Cheese Pizza", "price": "12.25"},
    {"shortDescription": "Knorr Creamy Chicken", "price": "1.26"},
    {"shortDescription": "Doritos Nacho Cheese", "price": "3.35"},
    {"shortDescription": "Klarbrunn 12-PK 12 FL OZ", "price": "12.00"}
  ],
  "total": "35.35"
}

# Example Response:
{
  "id": "7fb1377b-b223-49d9-a31a-5a02701dd310"
}

# Get Points
- Path: /receipts/{id}/points
- Method: GET
- Response: A JSON object containing the number of points awarded.
This endpoint looks up the receipt by the ID and returns an object specifying the points awarded.

# Example Request:
GET /receipts/7fb1377b-b223-49d9-a31a-5a02701dd310/points

# Example Response:
{
  "points": 28
}

# Points Calculation Rules
- One point for every alphanumeric character in the retailer name.
- 50 points if the total is a round dollar amount with no cents.
- 25 points if the total is a multiple of 0.25.
- 5 points for every two items on the receipt.
- If the trimmed length of the item description is a multiple of 3, multiply the price by 0.2 and round up to the nearest integer. The result is the number of points earned.
- 6 points if the day in the purchase date is odd.
- 10 points if the time of purchase is after 2:00pm and before 4:00pm.

# Setting Up Locally
- Clone the repository:
git clone https://github.com/KeyaShah08/Receipt-Processor-API
cd receipt-processor

# Install dependencies:
- Ensure you have Go installed. Install dependencies with the following command:
go mod tidy

# Run the server:
go run main.go

# Access the API:
The API will be accessible at http://localhost:8080.

# Testing with Postman
Process Receipt Endpoint:

# Set the method to POST.
Enter the URL: http://localhost:8080/receipts/process
Go to the "Body" tab and select "raw" with "JSON" format.
Enter the JSON payload (see example request above).
Click "Send".

# Get Points Endpoint:

Take the ID returned from the previous request.
Set the method to GET.
Enter the URL: http://localhost:8080/receipts/{id}/points
Click "Send".
